Update command-line-interface.md explanation of `(@main)`. (#59573)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/command-line-interface.md

`Main.main(Base.ARGS)` if such a function `Main.main` has been defined and this behavior was opted into
by using the `@main` macro.

A simple and typical example of its usage could be
```
function (@main)(ARGS)
    open("out.log", "w") do io
        println(io, "My pet is $(ARGS[1])")
    end
    return nothing
end
```

> where we explicit note that the `(@main)` function must return `nothing` (or a value convertible to `Int32` - which

Reviewer: Nicer?

```suggestion

The `(@main)` function must return `nothing` (or a value convertible to `Int32` - which
```

Reviewer: And suggesting to avoid unnecessary verbiage.

Reviewer: Also it's `Cint`, not `Int32`.

`Main.main(Base.ARGS)` if such a function `Main.main` has been defined and this behavior was opted into
by using the `@main` macro.

To see this feature in action, consider the following definition:

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```julia
````

Reviewer: Or perhaps:

````suggestion
```jldoctest
````

function (@main)(ARGS)
    open("out.log", "w") do io
        println(io, "My pet is $(ARGS[1])")
    end
    return nothing

> end

Reviewer 2: `(@main)(args) = println("Hello World!")` was a better example in most ways and this is better in that it uses args. How about `(@main)(args) = println("Hello $(args[1])!")`?

```
Executing the above script with `julia script.jl "Buddy"` will automatically run `(@main)` and create the `out.log`
file, despite there being no explicit call to `(@main)`.

> The return value of the `(@main)` function is the exit code, and must be a value convertible to `Cint`
> (`nothing` will be replaced by `Cint(0)`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The return value of the `(@main)` function is the exit code, and must be a value convertible to `Cint`
(as a special case, `nothing` is converted to `Cint(0)`):
```

Reviewer 2: Of course. Hence "as a sepcial case" and the use of "converted" rather than "`convert`ed". I'm open to other suggestions.

Reviewer: proposal:

```md
(as a special case, a return value of `nothing` is treated as if `Cint(0)` was returned):
```

Reviewer 2: The part that I don't like is "must be a value convertible to `Cint`". My proposal was to adjust the definition of "convertible" in that sentence with a special case, though I agree it is not ideal.

Either of these are better:

```suggestion
The return value of the `(@main)` function is the exit code, and must either be `nothing`
(exit code `0`) or be a value convertible to `Cint`
```

```suggestion
The return value of the `(@main)` function must either be `nothing`, resulting in exit code
`0`, or convertible to a `Cint` which will be the exit code:
```

```

> $ julia -e "(@main)(args=ARGS) = return nothing"; echo $?0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ julia -e "(@main)(args) = nothing"; echo $?0
```

0

> $ julia -e "(@main)(args=ARGS) = return 1"; echo $?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ julia -e "(@main)(args) = 1"; echo $?
```
